This directory contains a series of small examples apps that illustrate how
to code up common use cases for a SLP wallet and managing tokens.

## Running Examples

You can run each example script by entering its directory and executing `npm start`

## General NFY Functions

- [create-wallet](create-wallet) Create a SLP compatible HD Node wallet on
  the NFY mainnet. Send a small amount of NFY (0.0001 or more) to the address
  saved in the `wallet.json` file generated by this app. All other example apps
  read this `wallet.json` file.

- [check-token-balance](check-token-balance) Check the token balance of your
NFY wallet for a single tokenId

- [check-balances](check-balances) Check the balance of your NFY wallet. This
  displays both NFY information as well as SLP token information.

## SLP Token Functions

- [create-token](create-token) - Create a new SLP token class. Run the
  [create-wallet](create-wallet) example first, and fund your wallet with a few
  cents of NFY first.

- [create-nft](create-nft) - Create a new SLP
[non-fungible token](https://coincentral.com/nfts-non-fungible-tokens/). Run the
[create-wallet](create-wallet) example first, and fund your wallet with a few
cents of NFY first.

- [mint-token](mint-token) - Mint additional SLP tokens for an existing class
  controlled by your wallet.

- [send-token](send-token) - Send tokens from your address to another address.

- [burn-all](burn-all) - Burn all tokens for an address by tokenId.

- [lookup-token](lookup-token) - Lookup token information based on the token `id`.

- [list-all-tokens](list-all-tokens) - List every token in existence.

- [conversion](conversion) - Convert between address formats.
